that i couldn't receive the love that
you were offering
and um i pushed you away i'm afraid
that i won't be able to regain your
trust serve someone who doesn't break
like glass
and the person who i trained the person
i
mentored fired me i take full
responsibility for my actions
andrew duluca had absolutely nothing to
do with it you'll get a few weeks of
community service at a free clinic and
you'll pay a fine
this is your little sister allison and
allison
this is your big brother who are you i
sat here silently
while you fired my husband and two of
your most effective department heads
because they had broken the law so tom
karasick is my punishment
i am living with cancer i don't have the
energy i once did
i don't want it out you hear me
you offered me an hour marry me again
please
yes when was your last period amelia
oh my god because i don't like you
and you don't like me we're not friends
so it's none of my business it's a
letter from the medical board they're
going to pursue action against my
license
hey happy first day is it you hired me
as general surgery residency director
pregnant actually i know
it's absurd i'm gonna turn this place
around help me do the impossible
help me prove bailey's wrong i want to
be a general surgery attending
i would be an asset to any hospital the
question is
do you want that hospital to be yours i
keep coming across
people who can't get the help they need
because of the same crap planning to do
is right about what i'm seeing
i want to publish i do now i kind of
want to meet that kid
well i
kind of do too some guess how many
residents came here to work with
meredith gray
we didn't come here for dr karasik or
karev
or avery dr bailey let's fix it
work somewhere else
what you're fine your article you wrote
your article
this is savage you went after everybody
big pharma
insurance institutionalized
discrimination judging by the headline
hospital hell at graceland memorial
fired surgeon speaks out i didn't see it
well come work for me
take head of trauma instruction the
department however you want i would like
to explain how this happened
it was never meant to be published i
only pitched them a few ideas
from hospital health any of this has
hurt you i really am truly sorry
i made you study i made you practice i
was your friend
your mentor and every time you needed me
i was there
you're also pregnant bailey
i'm sorry tom i need ct for my daughter
what's wrong she's been vomiting and she
has a headache well it sounds like the
flu she also has a vp
shunt for spina bifida so
look it's a simple surgery okay you need
to go to court i'll be with her the
whole time and i'll update you every
step of the way
promise are you kidding me right now i'm
pregnant
how's your daughter much better thank
you she had to have neurosurgery so i
couldn't leave dr
you're not going back to clean up duty
you'll be making up your missed hours in
jail
mom mommy i bless
you i'm sabrina weber richard's my
uncle and he's your biological father so
this kind of tumor is operable but it
can grow really rapidly so we need to
get some new imaging right away
everything that i could but
unfortunately
i couldn't save her get your hands off
me okay dao
i didn't even want her to operate and
panel chair dr
paul castello mr shepard there's some
things you need to know
ma'am give me that paper because that
one killed my husband
it was the trauma surgeon who operated
on my husband if you want to take my
license and make sure i never see
another patient again then you do that
but you have absolutely no right to ever
mention my daughter don't have time for
a ct
that one night should have cost you your
entire career
my conflict of interest my medical
license should not be in this man's
hands
he is dangerous
one of us tell them that their panel
chair died can't postpone because these
people have come from
all over to speak for meredith
[Music]
she deserved to lose her job she
deserves to pick up trash
no one should be questioning her license
it's over i still have my license yes
and i'm so grateful it's over because
you're one of the most exhausting
clients i've ever had
come back to grace sloan
oh you are a pain in my ass
but you're fine sir take some time there
to
figure out what it is that you want let
me know if i'm a part of that
hi who are you cool mac hayes
chief of pediatric surgery all right
[Music]
outside if you need me i'm so sorry
i should have trusted myself i can't be
a surgeon if i can't trust my own gut
i can't i quit i'm the best
uh you're not 20 weeks pregnant no
because that could mean
oh god but the one thing i know for sure
is
you're the perfect woman for me so
i love you
i'm being sued for wrongful death
who's sabrina weber i am more pregnant
than i thought
okay which means there's a chance that
you aren't the father
i know we're angry with each other
and we're hard-headed
then apologize right after that
i'm sorry but
it's too little captain
it's too late alex thinks i'm worth this
much
not just alex mike
and i guess i have a new job but i'd
like you to put out some feelers about
buying pack
north oh and now we have to report to
grace sloan
an interview to keep our jobs alex
uh hasn't been returning my calls he
says that he's going through something
and he needs time
foundation's absorbing pack north and
its employees your siblings
were here when you came in last night
terrified the only family i have
they were social workers you broke them
up they aren't even together
but the board of which most of us are
members
we've uh come to a decision hunt and
weber get their jobs back
pierce and allman become co-chiefs and
you find the money to cover it
and alex krevin hayes can go cheat i
came to seattle because andrew is now
the same age as our father was when his
symptoms started
it it runs in the family failing to
understand or properly consider the
consequences of your actions
is a sign of mania because when you
reach alex corral leave a message hey
alex i need you to call me
i need to hear your voice andrew that
was an amazing diagnosis
you saved her life yeah not thanks to
you you're not sleeping you're not
eating plus you are not acting like
yourself
you are unbelievable i'm growing a whole
human in my body
and i want to raise him with someone who
is going to love him
and me no matter what a blood test says
hey come home with me with my family
what you serious what have you known me
to not be serious
yeah yeah
i know that amelia just took some
personal time and i know that link is
having a terrible time with it and i
i know that i have this feeling that i
can't shake but has something to do with
owen you're not crazy
knock never
who is he to you he's the first man that
i said i love you too after my husband
never met anyone like me without so
young
[Music]
mayor this is not the way i wanted to do
this because the one perfect thing isn't
in seattle
not anymore i left
and i'm with izzy is your trial gave me
an excuse good enough to call her she
was single and wanted children and
couldn't have them because the cancer
nuked her eggs
but she had our embryos twins
eli and alexis
mary you are my best friend and i will
miss the hell out of you but
i'm finally exactly where i should be
this letter
it's officially the worst thing i've
ever done
i love you maybe it's not fair to say
that but it's
true lawyer i signed divorce papers
i left everything to you it's yours you
worked for every cent you ever owned and
then some
i also left you my shares in grey sloan
amelia's baby might be yours
we if you have a baby with amelia what
does that mean for us
you're not yourself listen to people
when they tell you that
get help before it's too late i feel
that he
might choose another woman again
i don't want to live without you
you seem pretty clear about how you felt
if the baby isn't here you're in love
with you amelia and i fell in love with
this baby and that
is what matters to me he is yours
it's not owen's baby
tom this doesn't change the way i feel
about you you'll make a difference
in people's lives and the more i do that
the more you all just
judge me and call me crazy and i'm not
and i'm
i love you you went to jail for me
you saved me i'm sorry ladies and
gentlemen
but the historic illusion of this
who are you
yeah we ruled out uh dementia
no we have not get a pet scan do i want
to beta amyloid tracer and look for
alzheimer's
it's not alzheimer's
[Music]
as soon as possible tingling in the
extremities and sensitivity to touch
are not signs of alzheimer's definitely
should do an emg to test his nerves no
no no
how about now you listen to me now
all right his hip replacement was made
out of cobalt we did a heavy metals test
it came back negative right not for
cobalt cobalt poisoning would explain
the dementia the depression
hallucinations tremors everything
don't throw your life away teddy i hate
that i have dragged you into this i hate
that i'm hurting you
because you love me i am marrying owen i
love you too
i love you too
oh my god oh my god
i am marrying owen this was
this was goodbye richard
do you know where you are great show
memorial what is she doing here
sweetheart
i've been with you this whole time is
your mind playing tricks on you again
did you stand by me while i was being
fired
you by my hospital to humiliate me or is
that my mind playing tricks too
you grab a drink celebrate yes
except i'm so exhausted
will you ask me another time of course
[Music]
i don't know what's going on okay okay
hey teddy
i'm so sorry honey we'll reschedule
why are we rescheduling owen got pulled
in for last minute surgery
said to send everyone home he didn't
call you
you